Weekly update (2024-03-07) (#1348)
opentofu/opentofu: WEEKLY_UPDATES.md

# Weekly Updates

## 2024-03-07

> Hello there! This week we got state encryption running on the main branch the first time, and we are planning to release an alpha build next week with a passphrase key provider and possible AWS KMS integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello there! This week we got state encryption running on the main branch for the first time, and we are planning to release an alpha build next week with a passphrase key provider and possibly the AWS KMS integration.
```
